The output of this script provides several metrics to evaluate the performance 
of the mean reversion trading strategy on gold futures data.The first output is 
a plot of the cumulative returns of the strategy. The x-axis represents time, 
and the y-axis represents the cumulative returns of the strategy. A positive 
cumulative return indicates that the strategy has made money, while a negative 
cumulative return indicates that the strategy has lost money. The plot can be 
used to visually inspect the performance of the strategy over time.The second 
output is the total return of the strategy, which is the last value in the 
Cumulative Returns column of the DataFrame. The total return provides a measure 
of how much money the strategy made or lost over the entire backtesting 
period.The third output is the annualized return of the strategy, which is 
calculated using the formula annualized_return = (total_return ** (
1/num_years)) - 1, where num_years is the number of years of data. The 
annualized return provides a measure of the average annual return of the 
strategy over the backtesting period.The fourth output is the annualized 
standard deviation of the strategy, which is calculated using the formula 
annualized_std = np.std(gold['Returns']) * np.sqrt(252), where 252 is the 
number of trading days in a year. The annualized standard deviation provides a 
measure of the volatility of the strategy over the backtesting period.Finally, 
the fifth output is the Sharpe ratio of the strategy,The Sharpe ratio is a 
measure of the risk-adjusted return of an investment. It is calculated by 
dividing the excess return of the investment over the risk-free rate by the 
standard deviation of the investment's returns. A higher Sharpe ratio indicates 
better risk-adjusted returns.In the context of this script, the Sharpe ratio is 
calculated as the annualized return divided by the annualized standard 
deviation of the trading strategy. The annualized return is the total return of 
the strategy over the period divided by the number of years in the period, 
while the annualized standard deviation is the standard deviation of the daily 
returns of the strategy multiplied by the square root of the number of trading 
days in a year.A higher Sharpe ratio indicates that the trading strategy has 
generated better risk-adjusted returns. A Sharpe ratio of 1 or above is 
generally considered good, while a Sharpe ratio of 2 or above is considered 
very good.It's worth noting that the Sharpe ratio is not the only measure of 
risk-adjusted return, and it has its limitations. For example, it assumes that 
returns are normally distributed, which may not be the case in reality. 
Additionally, the Sharpe ratio does not take into account the potential for 
extreme or tail risks that may not be captured by standard deviation. 
Therefore, it is always important to consider multiple measures of performance 
and risk when evaluating investment strategies.